Update the testing guide within the development guide (#1163)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: docs/development/testing_guide.rst

`plasmapy.formulary.parameters` are located at
:file:`plasmapy/formulary/tests/test_parameters.py` relative to the top
of the package. Example code contained within docstrings is tested to
make sure that the actual printed output matches what is in the
docstring.

Running tests
=============

PlasmaPy's tests can be run in the following ways:

1. Creating and updating a pull request on GitHub_.
2. Running pytest_ from the command line.
3. Running tox_ from the command line.
4. Running tests from an `integrated development environment` (IDE).

We recommend that new contributors perform the tests via a pull request
on GitHub_. Creating a draft pull request and keeping it updated will
ensure that the necessary checks are run frequently. This approach is
also appropriate for pull requests with a limited scope. This advantage
of this approach is that the tests are run automatically and do not
require any extra work. The disadvantages are that running the tests on
GitHub_ is often slow and that navigating the test results is sometimes
difficult.

We recommend that experienced contributors run tests either by using
pytest_ from the command line or by using your preferred IDE.

> Using tox_ is an alternative to pytest_, but running tests with tox_ is
> typically slower than running tests with pytest_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using tox_ is an alternative to pytest_, but running tests with tox_ adds
the overhead of creating an isolated environment for your test and can
thus be slower.
```

Using GitHub
------------

The recommended way for new contributors to run PlasmaPy's full test
suite is to `create a pull request`_ from your development branch to
`PlasmaPy's GitHub repository`_. The test suite will be run
automatically when the pull request is created and every time changes
are pushed to the development branch on GitHub_.

The following checks are performed with each pull request. The results
of the checks are found near the end of the *Conversation* tab in each
pull request. Most of these checks have been automated using `GitHub
Actions`_. Checks that pass are marked with ✔️, while tests that fail
are marked with ❌. Click on *Details* for information about why a

> particular check failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
particular check failed.

.. note::

   For first-time contributors, existing maintainers may need to manually
   enable your GitHub Action test runs. This is, believe it or not,
   indirectly caused by the invention of cryptocurrencies. Read more about this at
   https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/approving-workflow-runs-from-public-forks
  
```

Author: Argh, I forgot about that, which is surprising given all the bitcoin mining I've been doing on GitHub pull requests to astropy_helpers.

This command will run all of the tests found within your current
directory and all of its subdirectories. Because it takes time to run
PlasmaPy's tests, it is usually most convenient to specify that only a
subset of the tests be run. To run the tests contained within a
particular file or directory, include its name after ``pytest``. If you
are in the directory :file:`plasmapy/particles/tests`, then the tests in
in :file:`test_atomic.py` can be run with:

Running tests on GitHub
-----------------------
.. code-block:: shell

The recommended way to run PlasmaPy's full test suite when contributing
code is to `create a pull request
<https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/>`_ from your
development branch to `PlasmaPy's GitHub repository`_.  The test suite will be run
when the pull request is created and every time your development branch
is subsequently updated.

`Travis CI <https://travis-ci.org>`_ and `AppVeyor
<https://www.appveyor.com>`_ run code tests and check that code examples
in docstrings produce the expected output.  Travis CI runs the tests in
a Linux/MacOS environment whereas AppVeyor runs the tests in a Windows

> environment.

Author: Travis CI and AppVeyor, I'll miss you! 😹

-------------------------------------------

Most IDEs have built-in tools that simplify software testing. IDEs like
PyCharm_, `Visual Studio`_, and Atom_ allow test configurations to be
run with a click of the mouse or a few keystrokes. While IDEs require
time to learn, they are among the most efficient methods to
interactively perform tests. Here are instructions for running tests in
several popular IDEs:

* `Python testing in PyCharm
  <https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/testing-your-first-python-application.html>`__
* `Python testing in Visual Studio Code
  <https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/testing>`__
* `Python testing in Atom <https://atom.io/packages/atom-python-test>`__

Types of tests

> ==============

Author: Is this section worth including here, or is it too general?

.. _testing-guidelines:

*************
Writing Tests
*************

Code contributions to PlasmaPy that create or change functionality must
include tests and documentation before being merged.

Tests are vital for software reliability and maintainability. Writing
tests requires additional effort in the short term, but saves
considerable time in the long term. Tests enable us to modify code and
discover bugs as soon as we introduce them [1]_. When a new bug is
discovered, adding a corresponding test greatly reduces the likelihood
of that bug showing up in the future [2]_.

Tests should be readable and maintainable. Well-written tests are
easier to understand and modify when the behavior of a function or
method is changed. Consequently, tests should be held to the same
code quality standards as the rest of the package.

.. tip::

>    Writing tests takes time, but debugging takes more time.

Author: Thanks to @StanczakDominik for this quote from the software testing tutorial during Plasma Hack Week!

Reviewer: ... I spent most of yesterday debugging tests. Should we mention that?

code is to `create a pull request
<https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/>`_ from your
development branch to `PlasmaPy's GitHub repository
<https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy>`_. The test suite will be run
when the pull request is created and every time your development branch
is subsequently updated.

`GitHub Actions`_ are set up to run code tests and check that code
examples in docstrings produce the expected output, as well as to test
build the documentation.

The results from continuous integration testing are used to generate
test coverage reports which are displayed by `Codecov`_. These reports
show which lines of code are covered by tests and which are not, and
allow us to write targeted tests to fill in the gaps in test coverage.
The results displayed by Codecov will be marked as passing when the code
coverage is sufficiently high.

> If any inconsistencies with the :pep:`8` style guide are found, then
> automated code style checks will and update that comment as the pull
> request is updated.  (NEEDS UPDATING)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlasmaPy uses the `black` code formatter. If any inconsistencies
with its style are found, the `pre-commit.ci - pr` will notify you
about them. To apply the fixes automagically, write a comment with
the message `pre-commit.ci autofix`. Remember to `git pull`
afterwards!
```

      expected = 4
      assert result == expected, f"2 + 2 returns {result} instead of {expected}."

.. tip::

   Use `f-strings`_ to improve error message readability.

Floating point comparisons
--------------------------

.. caution::

  Using ``==`` to compare floating point numbers can lead to brittle
  tests because of slight differences due to limited precision, rounding
  errors, and revisions to fundamental constants.

Use `numpy.isclose` when comparing floating point numbers and
`astropy.units.isclose` for |Quantity| instances to avoid these
difficulties.  For comparing arrays, use `numpy.allclose`

> and `astropy.units.allclose` instead.

Author: That is a really helpful suggestion!

- [ ] Do this ↑

  def test_proof_if_riemann(truth_value, expected):
       assert proof_by_riemann(truth_value) == expected

Writing Tests
=============

Pull requests must include tests of new or changed functionality before
being merged.

Best practices for writing tests
--------------------------------

> The following guidelines are helpful suggestions for writing readable,

Reviewer: *[citation needed]* 😉

Open :file:`htmlcov/index.html` in your web browser to view the coverage
reports.

Excluding lines in coverage reports
-----------------------------------

Occasionally there will be certain lines that should not be tested. For
example, it would be impractical to create a new testing environment to
check that an `ImportError` is raised when attempting to import a
missing package. There are also situations that coverage tools are not
yet able to handle correctly.

To exclude a line from a coverage report, end it with
``# coverage: ignore``. Alternatively, we may add a line to
``exclude_lines`` in the ``[coverage:report]`` section of
:file:`setup.cfg` that consists of a
a pattern that indicates that a line be excluded from coverage reports.
In general, untested lines of code should remain marked as untested to
give future developers a better idea of where tests should be added in
the future and where potential bugs may exist.

Coverage configurations
-----------------------

Configurations for coverage tests are given in the ``[coverage:run]``
and ``[coverage:report]`` sections of :file:`setup.cfg`. Codecov_
configurations are given in :file:`.codecov.yaml`.

Best practices

> ==============

Author: Similarly, is this section worth including here, or should I make this available in a different way outside of our documentation?
